MCLOUD-2361: OOTB Docker Initialization (#7345)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-mode-production.md

1. Add your [Magento access credentials][magento-creds] to the `auth.json` file.

> 1. Install the template dependencies and add the default hostname to your `/etc/hosts` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To install the template dependencies and add the default hostname to your `/etc/hosts` file, use the following command to run the Docker initialization script:
```

   ```bash
   curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker/1.1.0/bin/init-docker.sh | bash
   ```

>    If you need to customize some aspect of initializing your environment, see the possible options `init-docker.sh` supports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If required, you can add options to the `init-docker.sh` initialization script to customize your Docker environment. Run the following command to see the available options:
```
